hey guys today I'll be sharing my
thoughts opinions and feels on whoa Red
Queen by Victoria Aveyard can we take a
moment to just appreciate how beautiful
this cover is because it's stunning it
is so beautiful and it's shiny gotta
love those shiny covers if you don't
know what Red Queen is about it's about
a society where you're separated by your
blood type you got the silvers who are
the elite they run the world who run the
world
sumos and then you've got the Reds who
are basically the dirt on the ground
that the silvers walk on like they are
basically nobodies they're average they
don't have any special abilities and all
the silvers have these crazy fascinating
abilities we follow a girl named mare
who just downright despises the silvers
and then one day she finds herself
working alongside then one day she
unlocks a power inside herself that she
didn't realize she has which is
something that's unheard of because
mayors of red and she's not supposed to
have any sort of abilities madness
ensues and the silvers are left to do
some major damage control so that's what
Red Queen's all about now let's talk
about the writing I really liked
Victoria Aveyard writing style
specifically I want to talk about the
action sequences because those were some
of the best action written scenes that
I've seen in a long time sometimes I
just get really confused during action
scenes because there's just so much
going on and it's just a lot to take in
but Victoria Aveyard did a really great
job of just making it so easy to
understand and follow and also make it
super exciting and thrilling well I did
really like this world and found it a
bit fascinating I still feel like it's
kind of a bit underdeveloped there's a
few things that I just don't quite
understand yet and things that I wish
would have been more fleshed out
throughout the book for example in this
book there's a war that's taking place
and you don't really know that much
about the war we don't really get much
background as to why this war is taking
place the plot was exciting I will say
though that it was a bit slower paced at
the beginning it took me around 200
pages to really get sucked in but once I
hit that 200 page mark it was so
exciting and thrilling and interesting
and I just wanted to keep reading
because so much was happening so many
plot twists so many turns that it just
made for such an exciting reading
experience and we have such a great cast
of characters I feel like this book was
really driven by the characters which is
something that I'm a major fan of when
you've got good characters I'm gonna
like your book because I love
characters are just awesome and there's
so many awesome characters in this book
we've got mayor who is a very unique
character I really like the way she held
herself and how she handled different
situations I think we often see these
characters who try to hold it together
when they're going through trials and
tribulations and I felt like mayor's
character was willing to face her
emotions head-on when something was
going wrong she wasn't afraid to feel
and it was just really nice to see her
be vulnerable and to just let herself
feel the feels you know I'm saying I
also loved the princes we've got mavin
and Cal obviously they're very twisted
characters because they think that
what's going on with the society is okay
when it's totally not okay but I still
really liked them they were great
characters and I really like Julian and
Lucas and there's just so many great
characters in this book even amazing
villains like the villains are villains
that you love to hate so those are my
thoughts opinions and feels on Red Queen
by Victoria Aveyard you guys let me know
down below if you're going to pick up
this book I'm actually going to be
jumping into a little spoiler section
here now
because I have a few things that I want
to talk about so without further ado
let's talk spoilers there's only a few
things that I want to talk about the
first one is the frickin MAV in betrayal
I did not see that coming at all that
was one of the things where I was like
wait wait stop what what what are you
doing stop it no no no that's not how
things were supposed to be but ah I
probably should have seen it coming
though look this is one of the plot
twists that I probably should have been
like okay so Mavin's actually going to
betray her like I should have seen that
coming
because what character just so easily
turns their back on their parents and is
like oh yeah I'm going against my
parents screw this society that I've
been raised in like no there's no way so
I should have seen that coming
but I did it and it pissed me off
because I liked Matt if he really built
up this trust not only with Mayer but
with me like I trusted madman and then
he just went and turned his back on me
and he's like screw gu and I'm over here
like what the heck man you're supposed
to be our friend but now you turned your
back on us and ah just such an evil
character everything that I want to talk
about is a character des that I'm not
okay with and I'm sitting here sad about
it not as Lucas why did Lucas have to
die why did he have to die to me Lucas
is like Cinna
from
our games like they're on the same level
for me and so when he just died I just
was like Wyatt are you doing this to my
fields Victoria why did you kill him why
why why and the last thing I wanna talk
about is shade I knew he wasn't dead I
knew he wasn't dead I picked up on that
sucker I never trust a character death
when we the readers don't see the death
happen if we don't see it it didn't
happen so those are just a few of the
things that I wanted to talk about
because holy crap this book the plot
twists so many plot twists that I just
did not see coming
some of them I probably should have seen
coming but I just didn't you actually
let me know down below if you have read
this book if there's anything that you
saw coming if there was anything that
just was like what the crap because that
was me a majority of this book I was
just like what what what so yes let me
know down below and I will see you guys
soon with a new video later ah if you
don't know what Red Queen it's no bah
bah ha ha ha so that's what Red Queen is
all about I just hit myself in the
eyebrow hoho feel the feel